################################################################################
#                                                                              #
#  HPS/PL 125: Philosophical Issues in Quantum Physics, WI '25                 #
#  Research Paper Outline                                                      #
#  Edward Speer                                                                #
#  2/27/25                                                                     #
#                                                                              #
################################################################################

################################################################################
#  Research Question:                                                          #
################################################################################

Can the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics fully resolve the
question of causality introduced by the Bell-EPR argument?

################################################################################
#  Argument:                                                                   #
################################################################################

Accepting the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics allows us to
reject action at a distance despite the Bell-EPR argument, resolving questions
around the nature of local causality.

################################################################################
#  Summary:                                                                    #
################################################################################

The Bell-EPR argument relies on measurement having one result or the other. The
fundamental mystery is how measuring the outcome of one entangled particle in
the EPR state fixes the outcome of measurement on the other particle
instantaneously across a spatial divide. However, the many-world interpretation
changes this picture significantly - both measurement outcomes are realized on
both particles. There is no meaningful sense in which the measurement of the
first particle "fixes" the result of measurement on the other particle. How
should we make sense of the observed correlations in this view?

In the EPR state, the wave function decoheres into an |up> + |down> packet and
a |down> + |up> packet. Alice is measuring the first packet at a location with
a spatial separation from Bob who is measuring the second. When Alice measures
that her particle is spin-up, we are meant to conclude that Bob will measure
spin-down. This is a threat to causality — did the outcome of the first particle
cause the outcome of the second instantly across a spatial separation?

Many-worlds gives us a solution. There are two Alices, and two Bobs, with a
version of Alice and Bob who measure each outcome on their particles. When Alice
does a measurement, we learn nothing knew about Bob's outcome, because we 
already know the full details of what will happen when Bob makes a measurement.
All we learn is that one particular Alice will only ever meet one particular Bob
— but this meeting or exchange of information between them is an influence that
cannot propogate faster than the speed of light. Because these branch effects
propogate unproblematically within the light cone, our concerns about causality
are resolved.

################################################################################
#  Outline:                                                                    #
################################################################################

 - Introduction
     - Describe the historical development of Bell-EPR and the characters who
       gave rise to it
     - Present the basic issue: the Bell-EPR argument appears to fully ensure
       there must be action at a distance in QM 
     - Why is this problematic? Relativity and causal influence
     - State thesis
     - Summary of upcoming sections

 - Bell-EPR and Causality
     - Provide a careful and detailed treatment of the Bell-EPR theorem
     - Explain how this contradicts our typical understanding of causality
       - Present the langauge of causal inference & discuss in these terms
     - Address the counterargument — typical no-signaling theorems and other 
       strategies used to dismiss the issue

 - Many-worlds interpretation
     - Present the many-worlds interpretation and its historical context
     - Provide a brief discussion of the issue of probability in MWI
       - We will need to use these probabilities in the main argument

 - Many-worlds and EPR
     - Describe the EPR experiment and how it proceeds in the MWI
     - Carefully track probabilities throughout the experiment
         - Critically, nothing in probabilities related to Bob will change when
           Alice makes a measurement
     
 - Discussion
     - The ability for MWI to resolve issues in causality increases the unifying
       character of the MWI
         - Already, the MWI is more unifying that other interpretations through
           its ability to generalize to quantum field theory
     - Say a few words defending unification as a pragmatic criteria for theory
       selection

 - Conclusion
